---
keywords: fastai
title: Vocabulary
toc: true 
badges: true
comments: true
categories: [jupyter]
nb_path: _notebooks/2022-12-09-VOCABULARY.ipynb
layout: notebook
---

<!--
#################################################
### THIS FILE WAS AUTOGENERATED! DO NOT EDIT! ###
#################################################
# file to edit: _notebooks/2022-12-09-VOCABULARY.ipynb
-->

<div class="container" id="notebook-container">
        
<div class="cell border-box-sizing text_cell rendered"><div class="inner_cell">
<div class="text_cell_render border-box-sizing rendered_html">
<h3 id="Vocabulary">Vocabulary<a class="anchor-link" href="#Vocabulary"> </a></h3><hr>
<p>This is some vocabulary that I have learned throughout these lessons.</p>
<p>Variables, Data Types, Assignment Operators
Managing Complexity with Variables:  Lists, 2D Lists, Dictionaries, Class
Algorithms, Sequence, Selection, Iteration
Expressions, Comparison Operators, Booleans Expressions and Selection, Booleans Expressions and Iteration, Truth Tables
Characters, Strings, Length, Concatenation, Upper, Lower, Traversing Strings
Python If, Elif, Else conditionals; Nested Selection Statements
Python For, While loops with Range, with List
Combining loops with conditionals to Break, Continue
Procedural Abstraction, Python Def procedures, Parameters, Return Values</p>
<hr>
<p>While loop: Code goes through elemetnts over and over again</p>
<p>Loops repeat something and its executed after its completed the repetition</p>
<p>Booleans- Recongnizes true/false</p>
<p>Iteration: Code goes through a segment</p>
<p>Pop: Takes away something at the end of the list</p>
<p>Increment/Decrement: Modifies the counter variable after each repetition</p>
<p>Array: Another name for a list</p>
<p>Initialization: What sets the counter variable to a starting value</p>
<p>Condition: Allows the computer to know whether or not to keep repeating the loop</p>
<p>Indexing: The position of an elemnt in a list starting from 0</p>
<p>List Index: The position of an element in a list starting from 0</p>
<p>Parameters: input values of a procedure</p>
<p>Arguments: specify values of the paramaters when the procedure is called</p>
<p>Append/Remove/Pop: Various methods, append adds an element to the end, remove removes at an index, and pop removes the last item</p>
<p>Elements: Item in a list</p>
<p>Modularity: An splitting large procedures into smaller ones with more uses</p>
<p>Binary: A basee two numbering system</p>
<p>Return: sends the output of the procedure to where it was called</p>
<p>Variable: data that is assigned to and held within a chosen name</p>
<p>Loop: a system where a segment of code is repeated until a requirement is met</p>
<p>Procedure: a named group of instructions that have paramaters and return values</p>
<p>Procedural Abstraction: name for a process that allow a procedure to be used by only knowing what it does</p>
<hr>
<h1 id="Notes-on-lesson-5-7">Notes on lesson 5-7<a class="anchor-link" href="#Notes-on-lesson-5-7"> </a></h1><p>Nested conditional:</p>
<ul>
<li>A conditional inside of a conditional</li>
<li>Often used in algorithms in order to print specific data or run certain tasks.</li>
<li>We can use conditionals inside conditionals to create further conditions in algorithms.</li>
<li>We can use flowcharts to help display an easy to understand diagram of what we want a code segment to do.</li>
</ul>
<p>Boolean:</p>
<ul>
<li>Binary variable with only two possible values, "true" or "false"</li>
</ul>
<p>Relational Operators:</p>
<ul>
<li>Multiple operators which are used to evaluate 2 variables. </li>
<li>In pseudocode the relational operators are =, &gt;, &lt;, ≠, ≥, and ≤. </li>
<li>Other languages use different formats to represent these operators. <ul>
<li>For example, Python uses != instead of ≠. </li>
</ul>
</li>
<li>These operators help determine the boolean value of a statement.</li>
</ul>
<p>Logical Operators:</p>
<ul>
<li>Allow for boolean values to be evaluated. </li>
<li>Pseudocode uses the logical operators NOT, AND, and OR. <ul>
<li>Javascript uses the same logic, but uses different ways to represent the operators: &amp;&amp;(and), | |(or), |(not).</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Algorithm:</p>
<ul>
<li>Finite set of instructions that accomplish a specific task</li>
</ul>
<p>Conditional Statements:</p>
<ul>
<li>Conditional statements allow the code to act based on multiple conditions, such as user input or stored data.</li>
<li>We can use conditionals in algorithms in order to receive different outputs from a set of code, and help achieve the general purpose of the algorithm.</li>
</ul>
<p>Categories</p>
<ul>
<li>Two broad types of conditional statements are if statements and if-else statements<ul>
<li>if statement: will go through certain statements if the if expression is true</li>
<li>if-else statement: will go through a statement no matter what, but the statement which is run depends on the if expression is true or false</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>Flow Charts</p>
<ul>
<li>We can use flowcharts to help organize the process of conditional statements. </li>
</ul>

</div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
 

